doc: known_issue: Matter add known issue to KRKNWK-18673 bug (#15082)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v2-6-1 v2-6-0

> KRKNWK-18673: Bridged Light Bulb device type reports a failure when reading or writing specific onoff cluster attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-18673: Bridged Light Bulb device type reports a failure when reading or writing specific ``onoff`` cluster attributes
```
I think that might be how we format clusters?

>   Bridge has defined properly zap clusters for bridged light bulb, however handling specific onoff cluster attributes has not been implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Bridge has defined ZAP clusters properly for a bridged Light Bulb, but handling of specific ``onoff`` cluster attributes has not been implemented.
```
